Added SOP for generating test data (#14)
HumanCellAtlas/schema-test-data: README.md

# schema-test-data
This repository is for the test [meta]data associated with the latest updates of the HCA metadata schema.

# Brief SOP on generating test data 

> 1. Download the excel spreadsheet located in this folder (schema_test_data.xlsx) and modify it to include the new metadata-schema changes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Download the excel spreadsheet located in this folder ([TestData.xlsx](TestData.xlsx)) and modify it to include the new metadata-schema changes. 
```

Author: TestData.xlsx is the outdated version of the test data that does not include recent changes.

> 2. Use the modified excel spreadsheet to generate a new project in ingest. The necessary analysis_files are located in the below hca-util area. Sync the files to the S3 bucket, and export the data and metadata to the staging area. 
> 
> Created upload area with UUID 428794cc-cec2-4a98-8649-76accda2304f and name schema-test-data
> - 428794cc-cec2-4a98-8649-76accda2304f/AP1_file.h5ad
> - 428794cc-cec2-4a98-8649-76accda2304f/AP2_file.h5ad

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Use the modified excel spreadsheet to create a new project in the [staging environment in ingest](staging.contribute.data.humancellatlas.org). The necessary analysis_files are located in an hca-util area, obtainable by executing the following command: `hca-util list -b | grep "schema-test-data"`

3. Wait until the metadata is validated, select the upload area and sync the files to the new submission.
4. Export the data and metadata.
```

> 3. Copy the Project UUID of the exported project. 
> 4. Run the pull_test_data.sh script using the following command: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Copy the Project UUID of the exported project. 
6. Run the pull_test_data.sh script using the following command: 
```

  sh pull_test_data.sh 

When asked for a project UUID, enter the project uuid of the exported project. Running this script generates a new branch of the schema-test-data repo titled release-data-[date]. This new branch has the data of the exported project in its ‘tests’ folder. 

> 5. Switch to this branch, and run the post_process.py script using the following command, passing the argument of the ‘tests’ folder:
> 
> python3 post_process.py [schema-test-data/tests]
> 
> 6. Push the changes made to this branch to Github
> 7. Create a PR from the branch to master - this will include the modified test data, and the diff should show only the files that have been changed as a result of the metadata schema change 
> 8. Ensure you update the excel spreadsheet located in the schema-test-data repo with the up-to-date modified spreadsheet for the next cycle of generating test data 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
7. Switch to this branch, and run the post_process.py script using the following command, passing the argument of the ‘tests’ folder:
    ```
    python3 post_process.py [schema-test-data/tests]
    ```
8. Push the changes made to this branch to Github
9. Create a PR from the branch to master - this will include the modified test data, and the diff should show only the files that have been changed as a result of the metadata schema change 
10. Ensure you update the excel spreadsheet located in the schema-test-data repo with the up-to-date modified spreadsheet for the next cycle of generating test data 
```
